
【】【已转录，未整理：{Sinclair}{Reptiles and Research, How to Transition a Ball Python From Rack to Enclosure Life,2022}{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lh5sFzQ-5y8}{}{}{3}


Role: assistant
Firstly, if you move these animals into a complex habitat, they may not know how to eat there because they've never been taught to do that. Breeders who raise these animals in racks without providing them outside experiences or enrichment are essentially preparing them to thrive with other breeders. They aren't exposing them to the things they will encounter when they move from the tub to a home.

首先，如果你把这些动物移动到一个复杂的环境中，它们可能不知道如何在那里进食，因为它们从未被教过这样做。那些在没有为它们提供外部经验或丰富生活的情况下培养这些动物的饲养员，实际上是在让它们适应其他饲养员的环境。他们没有让这些动物接触到从塑料箱子到家里会遇到的事物。

Therefore, when you move one from a breeder to your home, I recommend setting up a little tub identical to the breeder's setup. You can then place this tub in the complex vivarium, allowing the snake to come out when they feel ready. They might continue to eat in the tub until they learn they can eat elsewhere. You can help them learn this by using target training, station training, puzzle feeding or foraging exercises.

因此，当你从饲养员那里把一只动物移回家时，我建议你设置一个与饲养员相同的小塑料箱。然后，你可以把这个塑料箱放在复杂的爬箱里，让蛇在它们准备好的时候出来。它们可能会继续在塑料箱里吃东西，直到它们学会可以在其他地方吃东西。你可以通过目标训练、站位训练、解谜喂食或觅食训练来帮助它们学习。

At first, I just put the tub in the vivarium and leave the snake alone. When they wake up, they will find the hole and it's their choice when they feel brave enough to come out and explore the habitat. Some of them do it right away and never return to their tub. Others are attached to the tub for a longer time and use it as their hide. They then use the rest of the vivarium when they're awake and active during the night.

一开始，我只是把塑料箱放在爬箱里，然后让蛇自己待着。当它们醒来时，它们会找到那个洞，当它们感到足够勇敢时，就可以选择出来探索环境。有些蛇马上就做到了，并且再也没有回到他们的塑料箱。有些蛇则会长时间地依赖塑料箱，并用它作为他们的藏身之处。然后在夜间清醒和活跃的时候使用爬箱的其余部分。

In such cases, I see no reason to remove the tub if they're using it. It makes for a smoother transition and reduces the animal's shock. Regardless of the nature of the change, whether from an extremely complex environment to a simpler one or vice versa, it's stressful for the animals. They might find it distressing to suddenly transition from a simple tub to a world of complexity. I believe it's our responsibility to make this transition as smooth as possible and minimize the stress.

在这种情况下，如果它们正在使用塑料箱，我看不出有什么理由要移除它。这样可以使过渡更加顺畅，减少动物的震惊。无论改变的性质如何，无论是从一个极其复杂的环境到一个更简单的环境，还是反过来，对动物来说都是压力。它们可能会发现从一个简单的塑料箱突然过渡到一个充满复杂性的世界是令人痛苦的。我相信，我们有责任使这个过渡尽可能顺畅，最大程度地减少压力。

On the flip side, if an animal has been raised in a complex environment and then changes owners and lives in a rack, it's also extremely distressing for them. Two studies have shown that when animals have lived with environmental complexity or had a lot of choice and control, and then move to a simpler environment, their welfare decreases. They may become lethargic, depressed, and stop eating.

另一方面，如果一个动物在一个复杂的环境中被养大，然后换了主人，生活在一个简单的环境中，对它们来说也是极其痛苦的。有两项研究表明，当动物生活在具有环境复杂性的环境中，或者有很多的选择和控制权，然后搬到一个更简单的环境中，它们的福利会减少。他们可能会变得无精打采，沮丧，停止进食。

These studies indicate that it's much worse to move animals from a complex environment to a simpler one, compared to the other way around. Once animals have experienced complexity and had control, taking that away is detrimental to their emotional well-being.

这些研究表明，把动物从一个复杂的环境移动到一个更简单的环境，比反过来的情况要糟糕得多。一旦动物经历过复杂性并有了控制权，剥夺这些将对它们的情绪健康造成损害。

This video was a section of a larger interview with Lori Torini. If you like this sort of content and the level of science and detail that Lori goes into, you can find the full length episode and much more information here.

这个视频是与Lori Torini进行的一次更大的访谈的一部分。如果你喜欢这种内容，以及Lori深入探讨的科学和细节层次，你可以在这里找到完整的剧集和更多信息。
Process finished with exit code 0
