

【】【已转录，未整理：{Sinclair}{Reptiles and Research, Why Some Think Ball Pythons Do Better In Racks, 2022}{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-RqJ0AUAk8}{}{}{3}】【】

Role: assistant
English: When the neural pathways atrophy through lack of use, it is because of a lack of stimulation. Neurons are what send signals to the brain and to other parts of the body, and all these neural pathways need to be active in order for our brain to tell our arms and legs what to do. Our senses send neurochemical signals to our brain to inform us when we touch something hot, smell food, or perceive a potential mate. If these pathways are not being used, then the synapses, which connect these neurons together, atrophy and fall away. For instance, the part of the brain that regulates climbing, if not stimulated, may result in a snake not knowing what to do when faced with a tree because that neural pathway is inactive.
Chinese: 当神经通路由于缺乏使用而萎缩时，这是因为缺乏刺激。神经元是将信号发送到大脑和身体其他部分的部件，所有这些神经通路都需要活跃，以便我们的大脑告诉我们的手脚该做什么。我们的感官向大脑发送神经化学信号，以告知我们何时触摸到热的东西，闻到食物，或感知到潜在的配偶。如果这些通路不被使用，那么连接这些神经元的突触就会萎缩并脱落。例如，如果没有刺激，负责调节攀爬的大脑区域可能会导致蛇面对树时不知所措，因为该神经通路处于非活跃状态。

English: Unfortunately, this sometimes happens under captive management when animals don't have enough environmental complexity and stimulation. Without outlets for higher functioning, all that's firing are the fear centers. The amygdala is highly involved with fear learning and acquisition, and the hippocampus is involved with suppressing and regulating that. But if the hippocampus isn't stimulated to do problem-solving and cognitive thinking, then it is sitting there atrophying and those synapses aren't firing. The ones that are firing constantly are the ones in the amygdala that are telling the animal "I'm afraid". This can lead to a generalized fear or reactivity, causing the animal to be fearful out of context.
Chinese: 不幸的是，当动物在圈养管理下没有足够的环境复杂性和刺激时，这种情况有时会发生。如果没有进行高级功能的出口，那么唯一发生的就是恐惧中心的活动。杏仁核在恐惧的学习和获得中起着重要的作用，而海马体则参与了抑制和调节这种情况。但是，如果海马体没有被刺激去进行问题解决和认知思考，那么它就会坐在那里萎缩，那些突触就不会发火。那些不断发火的是杏仁核中告诉动物“我害怕”的那些部分。这可能导致一种泛化的恐惧或反应性，使动物在上下文之外感到恐惧。

English: For example, if a snake is constantly given things to do such as climbing, swimming, burrowing, or figuring out how to get out of their enclosure, those are the synapses that are firing all the time and continue to grow and build branches. The ones involved in fear acquisition and learning aren't utilized and thus become diminished. The more choice-rich life an animal has, the more resiliency it builds. The more challenging experiences that they can encounter in their lifetime and be successful at, the more confident the animal is going to be and the less overall fearful they're going to be.
Chinese: 例如，如果一条蛇不断被给予攀爬、游泳、挖洞或者找出怎样从其爬箱内逃出的任务，那些就是一直在发火并继续生长和建立分支的突触。那些参与恐惧获取和学习的部分没有被利用，因此变得减弱。动物的生活越丰富，它建立的恢复力就越强。他们在一生中可以遇到并成功应对的挑战经验越多，动物就会变得越自信，总体上的恐惧感就会减少。

English: Cognitive bias also impacts animals. Cognitive bias is whether you have a more pessimistic or optimistic outlook on the world. If a snake is placed in a room with lots to do, will it ask itself what's going to happen to me here, what can this environment do to me, or will it ask itself what can I do in this environment, what will happen if I go climb on this, or what will happen if I push this with my nose. The way that we raise the animals can foster a more optimistic outlook.
Chinese: 认知偏见也影响动物。认知偏见是指你对世界的看法是悲观还是乐观。如果一条蛇被放在一个有很多事情可以做的房间里，它会问自己这里会发生什么，这个环境会对我造成什么影响，还是它会问自己我在这个环境中可以做什么，如果我去爬这个会发生什么，或者如果我用鼻子推这个会发生什么。我们抚养动物的方式可以培养更乐观的前景。

English: If you know that a snake is likely to go to a zoo, a pet home, or an education program, you're not doing it any favors by not preparing it for that life in the beginning. If all the snake is ever going to go to is another breeder, it's sad and unfortunate, but you're preparing it to do well and thrive with another breeder if you're raising it in a rack with nothing else. But if you know that your snakes are likely to go to these other situations, but you're not doing anything to prepare it to deal with or cope with those other situations, then you're putting it in a bad spot.
Chinese: 如果你知道一条蛇可能会去动物园，宠物之家或教育项目，那么在一开始就不为它准备这种生活并没有帮助它。如果蛇只是要去另一个饲养者那里，这是令人悲伤和不幸的，但是如果你在一个没有其他东西的架子上抚养它，你正在为它准备好在另一个饲养者那里做得好并繁荣。但是，如果你知道你的蛇可能会去这些其他情况，但你没有做任何事情来准备它应对或应对这些其他情况，那么你就把它置于了一个糟糕的地方。

English: Change is stressful. If all it's ever known is one thing and you put it in a situation that is completely the opposite, it's going to be stressful for the animal. Some will cope better than others depending on how much innate resiliency they have to change. Some are going to cope extremely poorly and never do well at all, while some are going to bounce back relatively well.
Chinese: 改变是有压力的。如果它只知道一件事，然后你把它放在一个完全相反的情况中，对动物来说这将是有压力的。有些动物会比其他动物更好地应对，这取决于它们对改变有多少天生的恢复力。有些动物会应对得非常糟糕，从未做得好，而有些动物会相对好地恢复过来。
==============OPENAI End===========

Role: assistant
English: It is going to be stressful for the animal and some will cope better than others depending on how much innate resiliency they have to change. Some are going to cope extremely poorly and never do well at all. Some are going to bounce back relatively quickly and that's all determined by genetics and resiliency and a whole bunch of other factors too. You need to raise the animal to succeed in the life that it's likely to find itself in and if you're not sure what that is, then the best thing we can do for the animal is prepare them for everything we could think of that they might encounter later in life.
Chinese: 对动物来说，这将是一种压力，一些动物会因其天生的适应性强而比其他动物应对得更好。有些动物可能会极度难以适应，甚至无法适应。有些动物可能会相对快速地恢复过来，这完全取决于它们的基因、适应能力和许多其他因素。你需要培养动物在它可能会面临的生活中取得成功，如果你不确定那将是什么，那么我们能为动物做的最好的事情就是为它们预备可能在未来生活中遇到的一切。

English: It's going to make for an animal that copes better with change and is more resilient. It's always a self-fulfilling cycle where in a situation which offers them no stimulation they obviously aren't becoming more adaptable and more resilient. This is being observed as well, actually they stress when they come out of their enclosures, so the enclosure is better. So it almost feeds back into itself and it's a false observation of the enclosure is more appropriate when in reality the unstimulating environment is causing the problem in the first place.
Chinese: 这将使动物更好地应对变化，变得更有弹性。这总是一个自我实现的循环，当他们处于没有刺激的情况下，他们显然不会变得更加适应和有弹性。这也被观察到，事实上他们在离开爬箱时会感到压力，所以爬箱更好。所以它几乎反馈到自身，这是一个错误的观察，认为爬箱更适合，而实际上，缺乏刺激的环境才是问题的根源。

English: You've raised the animal to succeed in that environment. You haven't raised the animal to succeed in other environments. The caretaker has raised that animal to succeed in the environment it's in and if it goes to a different environment it's going to have difficulty coping. It's going to have transition stress and whether it succeeds in that new environment or not is now on the shoulders of the new keeper and how they facilitate that transition. The older the animal is, the more difficult it's going to be to do that.
Chinese: 你已经培养了动物在那个环境中取得成功。你并没有培养动物在其他环境中取得成功。饲养员已经培养了动物在它所在的环境中取得成功，如果它去到一个不同的环境，它将会有困难应对。它将会有过渡压力，而它是否能在新环境中取得成功现在取决于新的饲养员以及他们如何帮助动物过渡。动物年纪越大，做到这一点就越困难。

English: If I got a couple of royals at three to four weeks old from rats and they had no prior experience, they were transitioned within a few days. The experience they had prior to coming here was negligible compared to the experience they've had here because three weeks is nothing. I've also taken five and six-year-old royals that have known only rats and the transition is long and hard because they only ever knew that. That is what they were raised to succeed in and now I'm trying to transition them into more complexity and it is distressing for them.
Chinese: 如果我从老鼠那里得到一对三到四周大的王室成员，他们没有任何以前的经验，他们在几天内就过渡了。与他们在这里所获得的经验相比，他们来到这里之前的经验微不足道，因为三周的时间算不了什么。我也接收过只知道老鼠的五、六岁的王室成员，过渡期长且困难，因为他们只知道那个。那就是他们被培养出来的成功之道，现在我正在尝试让他们过渡到更复杂的环境中，这对他们来说是令人痛苦的。

English: So I start out by keeping them very simplistically and gradually exposing them to more and more stimulation and sometimes their brain has been dormant for so long. All their brain has been used for is to drink and eat and breed usually. So sometimes they'll sit next to an open door for hours, days. They don't even understand that they can come out the door. So then I have to facilitate that a little bit and show them that you can come out and it's a long process. It's difficult because all they've ever known is the tub and they're five and six years old now and that's a long learning history of tub life. It's very challenging to adapt to something new. They can adapt, they are adapting, but if you're getting a pet from that kind of history, you've got to have no expectations and realize it could take like one I've been working with, going in on two years now.
Chinese: 所以我开始时会非常简单地饲养他们，并逐渐让他们接触到越来越多的刺激，有时他们的大脑已经沉睡了很长时间。他们的大脑通常只用来喝水、吃东西和繁殖。所以有时他们会坐在开着的门旁边几个小时，几天。他们甚至不知道他们可以出门。所以我必须稍微帮助他们一下，告诉他们你可以出门，这是一个漫长的过程。这很困难，因为他们所知道的只是浴缸，现在他们已经五、六岁了，这是一个长期的浴缸生活的学习历史。适应新事物非常具有挑战性。他们可以适应，他们正在适应，但如果你从那种历史中得到一只宠物，你必须没有期待，并意识到它可能需要像我现在正在做的那样，已经进行了两年。

English: This video was but a section of a large interview with Lori Torini. So if you like this sort of content and the level of science and detail that Laura is going into, you can find the full length episode and much more information right here.
Chinese: 这个视频只是与Lori Torini的一次大型采访的一部分。所以，如果你喜欢这种类型的内容，以及Laura深入研究的科学和细节的程度，你可以在这里找到全长的剧集和更多的信息。
Process finished with exit code 0